Add a SPLUNK_{COMPONENT}_ prefix recommendation (#234)
signalfx/gdi-specification: specification/configuration.md

Splunk-specific configuration variables defined in the GDI specification MUST
be prefixed with `SPLUNK_`. Furthermore, configuration specific to Splunk
Observability Cloud MUST be prefixed with `SPLUNK_OBSERVABILITY_` and to Splunk
Enterprise or Splunk Cloud MUST be prefixed with `SPLUNK_PLATFORM_`.

> Configuration unique to a specific GDI component (e.g. connected with a language
> feature) SHOULD be prefixed with `SPLUNK_{COMPONENT}_` (e.g. `SPLUNK_JAVA_`).

Reviewer: Component would be something like a distro, collector, or operator. It seems like the intent here is to scope by language, right?

```suggestion
Configuration unique to a specific programming language (e.g. connected with a language
feature) SHOULD be prefixed with `SPLUNK_{LANGUAGE}_` (e.g. `SPLUNK_JAVA_`).
```

Author: > Component would be something like a distro, collector, or operator. 

This is correct.

I was initially thinking exactly like you say - only about distributions. However, afterwards I though they can be even Collector specfic env vars `SPLUNK_COLLECTOR_` , so I tried to make a more broad proposal. Also some things may be not connected to language per-se, but related to the ecosystem things that the distribution supports e.g. Micrometer metrics for Java, ASP.NET instrumentation for .NET.

Reviewer: I'm not following, your example is `SPLUNK_JAVA_` not `SPLUNK_COLLECTOR_`. I think this addition needs further clarification.

Author: `JAVA` stands for Java Distro. I think that your recommendation is more clear and aligned with https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/configuration/sdk-environment-variables.md#language-specific-environment-variables
